# Meeting with SeaCow from Upwork

**Meeting Date:** 2nd Jan, 2026 - 6:59 AM

---

**Andy Hipkin** *[01:51]*: Hey, Andy. 
**Michael Sipes** *[01:52]*: How's it going? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[01:53]*: Find yourself, Michael? 
**Michael Sipes** *[01:55]*: Good, good. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[01:57]*: Yeah, line seems to be good, man. 
**Michael Sipes** *[02:00]*: Absolutely, absolutely. Based here in, well, New Jersey, right next to New York City, so. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[02:13]*: South Africa and Johannesburg. I don't know if you've ever been this side. 
**Michael Sipes** *[02:17]*: I've never, but I've worked with a few people down there. It seems like a nice place to visit. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[02:23]*: Yeah, definitely. It's probably one of the most beautiful places in the world, but also very, very corrupt with government and mismanagement and stuff. So It's a catch 22. Depends what kind of lifestyle you're after. 
**Michael Sipes** *[02:38]*: All right, so maybe I'll visit, but not stay. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[02:42]*: I'll tell you where to go, where not to go. 
**Michael Sipes** *[02:44]*: Perfect. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[02:45]*: Hey. 
**Michael Sipes** *[02:46]*: So kind of the way I like to run these calls is I just kind of want to get an understanding of the business, kind of what you guys are trying to do, and then just get a quick understanding of, like, why you booked the call. Just kind of, like, understand what you guys are trying to do. And then if it makes sense, you know, I can't. We can kind of, like, go talk about next steps, but I want to, like, make sure I understand exactly what we're trying to do. Make sure we can. I can help you out. Okay. Does it make sense? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[03:08]*: Absolutely. Michael, let me take you through exactly what I'm after. And there's a. Is a bigger discussion as well, other than the. The quick fixes and quick wins we're after. So I'm assuming that you are a freelancer of sorts, or do you work for a bigger company or have you got a bit of a. Both. What's your sort of situation? 
**Michael Sipes** *[03:27]*: Yeah, so I'm a freelancer, but I do work for a bigger company. Not doing this, but doing other things. So it's just kind of like something I do with you on the side. So just typically, it's. It's, you know, afternoons and weekends and stuff like that for me. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[03:45]*: Perfect. Look, we. We've got a couple of businesses within. Within the Sea Cow group. So what? The one big pain point we currently have is our order process for our meat business. Now, the media industry in itself, I don't know what it's like overseas, but it's incredibly archaic over here. Very, very poorly run. It's like Excel spreadsheets and things like that. It's terrible. So it is what it is. You know, we've got a pretty good way of doing things based on the fact that we're plugging into people that just don't know how to use technology. Unfortunately, that is the stumbling point here. You know, you're dealing with very entry level staff from other companies and individuals that just don't have the education or the access or combination of the two to getting what we want done. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[04:35]*: So what I'm trying to figure out here is one, I need us to simplify our system. So I'll take you through what we currently do. Please don't laugh, it is quite bad. I do think it's a very easy fix with what can be done. Look, I'm not an automation AI specialist, I do understand technology pretty well. I'm pretty tech savvy. I do understand how different systems work, how they work together and how I think this should work. But obviously you're the expert, you didn't advise me accordingly. And then the second part is, once we've managed to put this together, I've actually just launched a company called Panoramic which is going to be out of South Africa. We've got some really cool partners on board, one of which is Sultam. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[05:19]*: The other two are sort of third party providers and we're looking for somebody in the AI automation space to be our partner in that division. So if you've got capacity right now, it'll be project to project. So essentially, you know, I'm going after some big companies in South Africa. You probably wouldn't know them, but saa, which is our big airline, they've been in a bit of turmoil and I actually bumped into one of the directors the other day. I've got quite a good network. So there's a space that I think some of the big corporations who are quite backwards could benefit hugely from. And then, you know, I've got a company called Boxer, which is essentially, basically the blue collar workers grocery store around the country. They've got 16, 600 outlets, but they still run a lot of stuff on Excel. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[06:09]*: It's actually a joke. So look, there's a lot of stuff that we want to sort of work on. So basically I'd like to do a project with you. I know you said you want to do the first one for free. I'd rather come to you and say build me something at a really good rate, at a fixed rate. That's just for the one company, Salt Food, which is our meat business. We don't have a huge budget so we want to just sort of see where we can get that right with you. Obviously it's got to make sense for you, so got to make Sense for us. My CTO has said he can do this, but right now he's currently building something really big for me in my property business. So his capacity is low. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[06:48]*: You know, if the number isn't right, I'm just going to wait for him. But if you can come to me with a good number, that makes sense for you and for us. I'd rather get it farmed out to you. Let's get it built. It also opens the door for you and I for potentially other future work and then, yeah, we can see how we go. 
**Michael Sipes** *[07:05]*: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. So let's go over kind of what you're looking to build. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[07:12]*: Let me share my screen with you and show you what I have put together. Obviously you've got your note taker going there, but just if you've got any questions, please feel free to step in and ask as you go. But this is kind of the flow at the moment, so just to give you a greater view, we've got a business called Salt Brew, which is a meat distribution business. Okay. Basically we are an online butchery. So we sell to B2C which is basically end use, if you're not familiar with the term B to C. And we've got B2B where we sell to a whole bunch of restaurants around Gauteng and Johannesburg. Okay, Ginger, sorry, is the province, it's the state that we're in. 
**Michael Sipes** *[07:51]*: Okay. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[07:52]*: Okay. But basically it's very, very manual and this needs to be sorted out. But I'm going to take you through the B2B side of things. The B2C side of things will be much easier to sort of automate. But the B2B stuff is a little bit tricky. I'll explain to you how we're currently doing it and then I will go through how I feel we should do it and then you can take that information, come back with a proposal. I'm not stuck on anything that we currently using. I do want to stick with Notion. We've currently building everything in Notion now, so I want to sort of stay here. But you know, whether you use NHN or something else, you know, I gave you a list of other sort of tools that we want to use. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[08:34]*: If you've got, if you can advise me of perhaps to say, like, don't use Everlytic as a market automation tool, use this. I'm open to everything. I just want to try and make sure this process is nice and slick. Okay? 
**Michael Sipes** *[08:48]*: Okay. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[08:49]*: All right. So just to start. So we would send out reminders on WhatsApp. Okay. We've got a WhatsApp group per customer. Okay. Per restaurant. All right. Right now, it's a manual process. My. My staff will just say, hi, guys, just want to see if you need an order or delivery for tomorrow. That's it. Okay. Then at some point during the day, we have to remind them again because they haven't ordered. So we needed to make sure that the guys do get reminded to order because that's really how useless they are from our side. The orders need to be in by a certain time so we can prep them and deliver them the next day early. If they are late, we do make allowances. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[09:26]*: But as a structure and as a gold standard, the idea should be orders in 2 o' clock so we can process them by 3 o' clock so that our full production team at the factory can cut the meat, portion it, send it to our distribution units, and can be planned and prepped for our distribution route. Okay. All right. So that's kind of the overview, but the orders reminders go. You said that the orders will come in via WhatsApp. They'll be topped out with lots of spelling mistakes and errors. So what we currently do, I literally copy and I paste it in chat gbt. That's one of the projects that's been educated on how I want them put out. So essentially, I can actually just show you. Let me just find the right one here. So, for example, insult through here, the B2B order tracking. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[10:16]*: So let's keep your face there. So essentially how it will work here is we will paste the order in like that. Okay. It'll spit it out with the rules that I've given it into this format. Okay. Obviously this is now done for WhatsApp, which we will send to our factory group and we'll send to our logistics group those two pieces. Now, ideally, we want to try and stream that even further, but that's currently how it works. All right, so then that order gets sent to the factory group on WhatsApp and the logistics group on WhatsApp. Okay. And we need to confirm that order has been received with that customer on WhatsApp. Okay. Then that order, we capture that order details on notion. So currently, what that needs to happen is our order tracker here needs to be populated. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[11:02]*: So, for example, that particular order, the date, the customer name, the order dates doesn't been populated yet. The delivery date, which is the next day, the supplier total needs to come in here. The customer total comes in here. Our gp, our gross profit, this all sort of Must be calculated per order. Right. Okay, so just going back here again then once that's been captured in notion, because again, this can all be automated. Right. Once you sort of put this data somewhere, it should pre populate all this. So we wanted to be able to do is once it's populated there, but also populates a customer invoice on Xero. So Xero, if you're familiar, is an accounting software very API friendly. I'm sure you know it. Okay, yeah, so that would go there. So you do know that. 
**Michael Sipes** *[11:50]*: Yeah, I have worked with Xero before. Yeah, perfect. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[11:53]*: Cool. All right. What we wanted to do is prepare a customer invoice. Now just bear in mind another difficulty of the meat industry. It's not like somebody ordering stationery. If you order 10 black pens, you're going to get 10 black pens. If you order 10500 grams T bones, you're going to get 10 T bones. But they might be higher or lower in weight because it's not a perfect science, unfortunately. So what would need to happen is this invoice must be prepared and obviously approved. So it's sitting there. But the actual final weights of each of maybe the orders will be populated once we receive the supply invoice from our factory, if that makes sense. Right. 
**Michael Sipes** *[12:36]*: So your factory tells you how much you shipped out. Because you guys are kind of not the middleman, but you're, they're they're providing the service or shipping the stuff out. You're kind of taking the orders. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[12:48]*: Yeah, think of it like that. Absolutely. Think about it as an agent, if you will, or a dark butchery, if you will, if you know the term. So basically we prepare the invoice that goes over here. The factory will. We will receive the factory invoice on completion. So then we want to be able to drop that invoice that'll have the actual weights. All the items that we've ordered that must go back, we must make sure they haven't made mistakes, because they make a lot of mistakes. They get you the wrong price, they get you the. So what we've got is a database that sits on notion that has all the current pricing, our prices that's going to go onto our invoices to our customers as well as what our factory price should be to us. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[13:29]*: So what we essentially want to be able to do, once that order comes through, it'll all populate goes to zero. It creates possibly what we can call a pro forma invoice of sorts where everything will be populated at later stage. Once we get those final weights where we would almost want a link to be able to be sent to our factory guys so that they don't make mistakes. All they do is input weight because if they've got that right, oh, I can tell you they're gonna jump over the moon because they, that right now their processes are super like as you said. Like as I said, very manual. Okay, right. So if we can get that right. First of all, just again, on the greatest scheme of things, if we get this right, I've got about 10 guys I can unsell this to. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[14:17]*: So that's a discussion I'd like to have with you as well. Should we go on together after this object? So for example, I will say, right, let's look at. So is it Mike fine or you prefer Michael by try? 
**Michael Sipes** *[14:31]*: It doesn't matter to me, really. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[14:33]*: Yeah. So basically the, when we receive that invoice, we want to be able to drop it into our system somewhere where we can actually check for errors and weights. And then obviously the errors is basically just going to be the pricing. There's a, there's a error for margin. So for example, if we order one 500 gram T bone, we've got a seven and a half variance, percentage variance. So what that means is, I'm sure it makes sense, but I'll say it anyway, it's going to be within 7 1/2% below or above 500 grams. So we want our system to flag that and say, hold on, this is out. Or if it's good, we go through and the system must just pull through the weights. It'll have the pricing from our side. There's no errors there. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[15:15]*: Then once that happens, okay, that must be updated with the order tracker. So basically, once we've got the final total price from the supply invoice, it must go into the order tracker under the total supplier invoice here. Okay. And obviously once we've got that which gives us the weight, it'll populate. Zero invoice will update the zero invoice to the correct weights that must be pulled back in here so we can see that our GPS are in the right department or not. All right, then, so that updates there. It updates the customer invoice weights, which we've spoken about. And then we must send the customer invoices via email to. Sorry, that's to the customer. And then obviously to the factory where they will print it out and send it to logistics. Okay. Then we update the customer via WhatsApp that the order's on their way. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[16:14]*: Then once the delivery is done. So that's after the meat goes out, we receive it. We must receive a pod, a proof of delivery which is basically just a photograph of the invoice being signed by the customer. All right. That must be loaded onto the order tracker. We must, if there's any credit notes required from mistakes, must be able to say right was it issues. The customer builder must be able to fill that out and then there must be automatic DFS of credit. Note must be reordered if the customer wants it for the next day and then at the end of that the customers receive their invoice and their statement by zero. 
**Michael Sipes** *[16:52]*: Yeah. Okay, makes sense. I mean I think it's, it's a pretty good flow you have going here. I think it's like probably four or five different automations just be basically going in and out of certain applications. But yeah, definitely seems pretty reasonable. I mean how long does that taken right now for that to be done for one order? Like a bunch of people have to jump into that, right? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[17:16]*: Yeah, I mean look, it's just, it leaves a lot for human error and that's the biggest problem with the space, you know, like, you know also we've gone through a couple of basic staff members I've gotten rid of recently. I've gone back and checked their work for the last year over the last week and I've lost about 20000 rand. It's not a huge amount but it's, I think the Exchange rate is 16 to 1 or something moment. So let's just call that 8,000 rand or bullets. Yeah, 7,000. 8,000 rand dollars. Should I say? Sorry? Yeah. Okay. So basically we want to try and sort this out. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[17:56]*: And then again this is a system that if it works nicely, I've got a couple of customers I will go to and then again I'll, you and I can agree on a rate that you will get where you can just tinker it according to their accounting software and their data capturing system and then you put on a fee, I put on a fee and we resell it. 
**Michael Sipes** *[18:17]*: Sure. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. What's the timeline you're looking for on this? And I'm assuming you're probably talking a few other people. Is there anything in particular you're looking for? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[18:27]*: Say that again. So I got the timeline part for. 
**Michael Sipes** *[18:30]*: The second part and like I'm just assuming maybe you're talking to a few other people. Is there anything particular as far as like experience that you're looking for to like, kind of start this off. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[18:40]*: Oh, do you mean people like yourself? Other potential? Yeah. Look, I've got four meetings set up for today and for. For Monday. I'm also, I'm about good communication. I'm about, you know, flexibility. You know, again, at the end of the day, it's very important to me to be able to deliver and also translate my message very quickly. We've got a couple of guys in some countries where I think the English barrier is a big problem. There's no disrespect to anybody, but it will become a problem, you know, when people can't communicate correctly, especially, you know, via text or, you know, things get lost in translation already on a normal conversation. I get worried that about. With a greater conversation. So look, yeah, I suppose perhaps if you. I don't know how long it'll take you to sort of ballpark what this will cost us. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[19:30]*: If you want to put together some numbers for me, number of hours in a rate, that would be fantastic. And we can decide from there. As far as my timeline is concerned, yesterday is always my answer. But I'm reasonable. But you tell me what you think is reasonable. 
**Michael Sipes** *[19:43]*: So, I mean, Andy, I, I don't really like to put the proposal together. I think it's kind of waste time for me and you. If I could just give you a number now. I mean, if I told you right now it's going to be about like 850 to 900 to build this out and I could get it delivered to you Monday. Would you be willing to. To start sooner than later? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[20:01]*: So you're saying you could build this out by Monday? 
**Michael Sipes** *[20:04]*: Yeah, I could build it out and we could start testing Monday? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[20:08]*: Yeah. And you said 850? $850, eh? Yeah, it's a little bit out of my price range. I was hoping towards $500. What can you get any closer to that? 
**Michael Sipes** *[20:20]*: 500 is a little tough. Just the amount of work is. Because I'm gonna have to integrate WhatsApp zero. It's gonna be a significant amount of hours. I could do 800, but that's probably as low as I can go. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[20:37]*: Let's get it done. I'm happy. 
**Michael Sipes** *[20:38]*: Okay, let's do it. So here's what I'll do. Send me this. I'm gonna start working on initial stuff, get a few questions to you, start looking over it. I'm going to need access to your Xero, but I'm going to. Are we doing it on a fixed rate right now or are we doing an hourly? Because I think you might be able to change the contract to hourly or fixed rate. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[21:02]*: I mean, again, we. I can always. So you've broken up? Can you see me? Yeah. Okay, look, give me a second here, Okay? Yeah, I can always resend you a comment, I would imagine. I'm very. I don't know how you normally work. I don't know how much money or percentage of that upwork takes. I don't know if upwork is going to be charging us over and above the 800 or. They take it out of your mind. Okay. I mean that. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's not ideal for you, but, you know, that suits me. You know, I would be prepared to. If you come to, I could pay you directly off like a half and half or something so that they still getting some bucks for the introduction. I don't want to cut them out. I don't believe in that. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[21:51]*: But I also do believe these guys do charge with much. I just sold my company that was in property management for. For 10 years and I just. Airbnb were the biggest bloody bastards. They took so much money for doing so little. I was very happy to get guys offline once they booked one or two nights with us. So look up work. Haven't worked too much with them. I don't believe in cutting somebody out, but I do believe in if their percentage is too high and someone else is going to lose when they've given us a good deal. I would rather figure out a way that benefits all parties. 
**Michael Sipes** *[22:22]*: Let's. Let's do this sense about you. You send me the contract if you can for a fixed rate for 400 and then we'll do the second 400. Do be a strike, whatever afterwards and that way we don't cut them out. Does that make sense? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[22:36]*: Okay. Yeah. Do you have anything that you want me to sign so that I'm not going anywhere like this? I mean, I know we hardly know each other. I want to. I'm a big believer in trust. But I also want you to feel comfortable that you're, you know, working with somebody who's going to stick to his word. 
**Michael Sipes** *[22:51]*: Yeah, absolutely. So if you. What I'm going to do is I will put together a short contract. It's just going to lay out specifically exactly what we're going to do, exactly what we talked about on this call. I'll Send over via DocuSign or Panda Dog. You can sign it. That way we have agreement. I'll accept the terms on upwork. Send me the stuff that you have as far as that graphic. And then once we do that, we'll kick it off, we'll start it and then. Yeah, I'll have it to Monday. So it's 2pm your time. So give me till whatever end of day Monday. So like 5 o', clock. Whatever makes sense. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[23:30]*: So send it again. Michael, you broke up there. 
**Michael Sipes** *[23:32]*: Yeah, just give it to like you know, end of day Monday. I probably won't need it. But just so you know, probably around five o' clock so you'll be able to like have it by the end that you work in. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[23:42]*: Does that make sense? Is that the contract or is that the actual system? 
**Michael Sipes** *[23:47]*: No, no, the system. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[23:48]*: Okay, just. So there is one more thing before we continue and I hope it doesn't change the price. I just need to understand that this will also include our pricing model that'll have to sit in zero. It's basically a Google Sheet that needs to be pulled into. Into Notion. Would that be possible? It's pretty straightforward. Can I just show you and then you can let me know and then maybe make it easier. Yeah, so I'm just making sure we, I've covered all our bases. Yeah. But before I jump into this. Yeah. Because we're already over budget here, so I want to just make sure we covered. Yeah, so yeah, so I'm not trying to add things at last, but I want to just make sure we are covered here. So essentially I'm, I need this database. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[24:37]*: Okay, so you are very familiar with Notion, right? Yes, very. Okay, so look, Notion is very database driven. It's exactly what I'm after. So essentially here we want this information which is our pricing model to be pulled into Notion to sit. So that's click up into Notion under this database here where we would have everything sitting here that the Google Sheet offers so that all of this information like your pricing Excel, zero pulling. Sorry. And then customer sheets can pull through, pull from this processing sheet. 
**Michael Sipes** *[25:14]*: Right? Yeah, I think that's definitely doable. We can keep it the same price and that's fine. It's gonna be more work for sure. I mean it's. I think I might be able to upload it as CSV, but if it's. Yeah, so I think that should be fine. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[25:30]*: Look, I also, I don't know if you're comfortable, but I also would like to sort of check in on you at some point during this weekend just so that you're not doing a whole bunch of Stuff and maybe we've misunderstood each other, you know. Also, I don't want you to go do a whole bunch of work. And I'm like, Michael, we've actually misaligned your. But like let's. So look, I'm a bit of a workaholic brew. I'm, I barely sleep and I've got multiple companies. So you know, I'm up, up all the time. So you can just ping me whether we do it by email or you can give my WhatsApp number. Whatever's easiest for you or even on upwork. I mean if that same of you. I put the upwork app on my phone, so those do come through there. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[26:12]*: I just want to make sure that you go out. Andy, here we are. Here's the first part. How do you, what are you feeling? Good stuff. 
**Michael Sipes** *[26:17]*: Let's, let's do WhatsApp because I know you guys do WhatsApp a lot down there in America. We, we don't even know WhatsApp is to be honest. But let's do WhatsApp because it's probably easiest for you. Well, I, I think like maybe it's become more popular as like, there's just a lot of like more like tourism and stuff like that. People traveling all over the place, you know, more popular, people coming from like South America. But to be honest, like I've never used it once to talk to anyone. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[26:45]*: What do you use? What do you use? Talk to people? 
**Michael Sipes** *[26:48]*: Just like imessage, like on your iPhone. Yeah, it's very nice. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[26:52]*: Fair enough, fair enough. Everybody's Apple based apps are there. 
**Michael Sipes** *[26:57]*: Let me give you my number and I'm going to try to drop it here. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[27:02]*: Just, just again. So, so what was your thinking? Because I, you know, how are we going to get. We haven't really clarified this yet. Like what's going to, how are we going to send this message to the customers? Are they going to get a customer form to fill out? Like, what was your thinking? 
**Michael Sipes** *[27:19]*: Yeah. So as far as sending messages, we just have to. Do you guys have a WhatsApp business account? 
**Andy Hipkin** *[27:25]*: Yeah. 
**Michael Sipes** *[27:26]*: Okay, perfect. So we can just integrate with that, the API so we can send something over Instagram business. It's just like sending a text message. You just integrate with it. That should be a problem. It shouldn't be a problem. And then typically what I like to do is forms. So what we can do is we create a form on notion and then we can just have a bunch of different forms. So for instance, we'll have a form for the customer to fill out. We'll have a form for your factory to fill out. We'll have a form for the shipping department to fill out. And do you guys want to do like ocr, like optical, like under like recording of the pictures or the documents, or do you want people to type it in? I'm fine with doing both. 
**Michael Sipes** *[28:08]*: I've just found that having people type it in pauses there, but so does ocr. So it's kind of like pick your poison a little bit. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[28:17]*: I don't know what OCR is. Can you explain it to me a bit better? 
**Michael Sipes** *[28:21]*: So just when basically when you take a picture of something, having the machine look at that pictures and understand it. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[28:29]*: Yeah, we definitely need that. So that's part of it. So for example, what will most likely happen is if we are able to say, for example, let's just say there's five orders for a day, okay, that come in from our customers that must sit line by line so that first of all the customer, so the supplier, our factory can click one invoice and just upload the amounts. Say instead of having to worry about filling in the pricing, they see the items and they know, okay, there's 5T bones at 500 grams, that's 2.5 kgs and it's versatile all the way through all those things there. And then the only thing is that the driver or the logistics team will need to have a link to say, here's this invoice. You need to upload a photo of that, that particular thing. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[29:21]*: So when they get their delivery notes, we can snap a photo and it's stored in our meat tracker, right? 
**Michael Sipes** *[29:28]*: Yeah, I think that's definitely doable. We might, we'll have to. I'll, I'll work you through a few options for OCR to get that because we'll probably integrate it with nan. There's a fee that works natively with nan, so I'll send those over today to figure out which one you want to do best. I think they're like probably about 40 or maybe 10 to $40 a month. So depending on. So it's a service that sits. That you would integrate with nan. So it's kind of like zero where you're just integrating it inside the tool. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[30:02]*: Look, absolutely. Look, let's. The other option is again, we are trying to save costs here as much as possible. So look, if you think that it can be done effectively without that and we can bulk it on later. Great. The idea here is we. We currently have about 20 restaurants. I want us to get about 100 restaurants by the end of the year. So we want this process to be slick and seamless. You know, again, like, this system must be able to work for B2C as well. But B2C is much easier because customers must just get them as order online, which you've got a website for already. And that must just plug in to our database and flow. Right? 
**Michael Sipes** *[30:42]*: Yeah, absolutely. So, I mean, once we get it built out, we can. It would just depend on who you, first of all, who you build out in your. Well, like, who's in your, like, custom list, because that's all we're going to pull from as far as Google Message. And then you build it out for B2C. You can either add to the customer list or we can create a new instance and then it can run separately like that. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[31:02]*: That sounds good. But yeah, I just, I'm always a bit nervous of these things because, you know, particularly with custom builds is that, you know, as much as I feel I've given you all the information, I worry that I've left off something or I haven't given you this information that's gonna, you know, cause problems. This is the general information. But I just, you know, obviously once we've tested it, there may be a bug or two where I say, oh, we've actually forgotten about this process. As long as you don't mind that we're like, it's just. It is a moving object. But like I said, there's obviously a bigger fish to fry at the end of the day as well. We can unsol this to a couple of other guys where there'll be residual income for yourself as well. 
**Michael Sipes** *[31:40]*: Yeah, absolutely. So, like, one thing I always do is like I said, I'm gonna try. I'm gonna deliver it Monday. I always do 30 days of bug testing. So cool. That's just. Look, this is. It's just like anything else. You're going to build something you're going to test. You're going to have a few things you have to update over the next 30 days. If you see a bug, we need to update something. And I'll be available like for the next week too to like, change stuff and update stuff. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[32:05]*: So. Okay, just give me a second. What was the final rate that we agreed on? 
**Michael Sipes** *[32:11]*: 800. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[32:17]*: Check. You just check the exchange rate. Give me a second. Yeah, Yep. 
**Michael Sipes** *[32:21]*: And if you want to send me your WhatsApp number over. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[32:28]*: I did see you. Was in there? 
**Michael Sipes** *[32:30]*: Yeah, I can add you. To be honest, like, I. I don't even know how to add someone on here. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[32:36]*: Look, I'll add you. Don't worry, I can see it show 1908342. Yeah, okay. All right. Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks, Michael. 
**Michael Sipes** *[32:51]*: Look, man, so here's what I'm gonna do. Here's in the next 24 hours here, you're gonna get a proposal from me that details exactly what I'm going to do, number one. Number two, you're going to get a list of questions that I need. So access to Notion. I'm gonna send you the email to give that access to so notion, WhatsApp, a few other tools. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[33:09]*: Zero. Yeah. 
**Michael Sipes** *[33:10]*: And then what I'm going to do is I'm also going to start laying it out. So it's going to be like a few different automations. I'm going to have to break this out into kind of what the deliverables are, how we're going to inputs, how we're going to do outputs, what the triggers are. You can review that. And then as soon as you review that and get back to me on that, sign the document, review the automation, and I can start getting work. Makes sense 100%. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[33:32]*: Please don't start until we've signed off, all right? Yeah, absolutely. Okay, thank you, Andy. 
**Michael Sipes** *[33:37]*: We'll talk. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[33:39]*: Bye. 
**Michael Sipes** *[33:40]*: Cheers. 
**Andy Hipkin** *[33:40]*: Bye. 
